comment on find in relation to rank (#187)
KxSystems/docs: docs/ref/find.md

    In this case Find matches items of `x` with `2` `3` and `` `ab `` , not ``(2 3;`ab) ``.

> The rank of y should match the rank of x list's element.

Reviewer: Is this what you mean:
```suggestion
The rank of `y` should match the rank of the list element for `x`.
```
